v1.11:
I've solved the player rendering bug, it was an e-
rror I made in the function call order.

Also, I know that a HLFX forum member named Uncle
Misha claimed I was using his blinking monster fix
in the engine, but that's a mistake actually. The
mod in which I had developed Trinity used it, but
I removed it when porting the code to the new SDK,
but I forgot to remove one part. So no more worry
over credits. I didn't intend to have it in. It's
removed now.

For any possible future updates, check this link:
https://skydrive.live.com/redir.aspx?cid=ce9cc3fbfe20ab9a&resid=CE9CC3FBFE20AB9A!161&parid=root
If you have anything to report, write an e-mail to:
boeschitt@hotmail.com

V1.12:
Added the ability to have the player mirrored
in mirrors by the te_mirror_players cvar.

Made readme for Prop Manager and mirror manager m-
ore descriptive.

v1.13:
I found a totally unexpected bug in the water sha-
der that was caused by the addition of player mir-
roring. I fixed this now.

v1.14:
I've added better texture flag functionality in 
texture_flags.txt. Now three new flags are availa-
ble:
nomipmap - Disable mipmapping on replaced textures.
eraseflags - Remove original flags.
fullbright - Self explanatory.
Read up the readme for Studiomodels to get a detai-
led explanation of this feature.

I've also fixed p_ model rendering. It was another
thing I forgot I originally removed from the mod b-
ase I worked this on originally. I re-added it.

I've added shadow mapping to the projective lights,
read up on it in the BSP Renderer readme.

I've also modified the error prompting system, as I
had to realise that error messages called from the
initialization call don't appear on the consle, so
if the engine has trouble with your hardware now y-
ou will be warned.

v1.15:
I've replaced DevIL's TGA Loader with my own versi-
on, which supports RLE and uncumpressed tga files,
this should fix some of the texture problems people
had.

Also introduced a check if the texture resolution's
on the power of two, this caused numerous graphical
bugs on people's computers.

I also added power of two resizing to models loaded
by Trinity, this should make sure nothing messes up
from now. Finally, I got rid of two redundant func-
tions from the prop manager class.

v1.16:
I fixed a few things around texture loading on stu-
diomodels, and added a TGA texture exporter to the
texture loader class.

Most important is, I got rid of all the glDepthRan-
ge functions from the code, be sure to be rid of t-
hose if you are using an earlier SDK from everywhe-
re. If you don't, you'll have major problems.

v1.17
This is an important fix, it fixes any issues that
were present with a new vluzanc's compiler release
that seems to have changed something in lightmap
storage.

v1.18
I made detail texturing capable of supporting ani-
mated textures, and made it a bit faster too.

A previous code that enabled non-power of two tex-
tures for mirrors and water were removed too, for
maximum stability.

v1.19
A bug was fixed that could've caused problems upon
fallback with dynamic lights and animated textures.
A seperate bug that occured with fallback to non-s-
hader mode was fixed too. Also, I finally fixed an-
other missed call that will enable shadows on env_-
spotlights.

Also fixed conveyors to work properly now. The blue
light bug some people encountered is fixed now too,
this was encountered when using func_conveyors.

Added a scale parameter to client-side managed it-
em_generic entities. The fgd entries were updated
too.

v1.2:
Fixed a crash that occured because of HL not mana-
ging texture entries properly.

v1.2-final:
The final release of Trinity, there will be no su-
bsequent updates. I made some very tough fixes to
the code to make sure no problems would occur.

A lot of hardy state sets were incorporated to ma-
ke sure problems would not occur, as I got confli-
cting results.
Also, anyone with Geforce FX, don't be so surpris-
ed in case you get errors, that is not a graphics
card, I got godawful results with that series even
if I used the cleanest shaders I could dig out. It
is simply horribly botched and I won't take it se-
riously, at all.
I know some things might not be properly fixed, t-
hat was left in because I did not find a cause, b-
ut I tested this on most systems I could dig up a-
nd got proper results.

I know I rushed some releases, I wanted to be done
with this back in September. I put more time to t-
his one and finally fixed the game breaking ones.

v1.3:
Fixed a game breaking bug regarding players and s-
kyboxes.
v1.4:
Fixed conveyors and dlights.

v2.0:
A major improvement: Minor bugfixes on some parts.
Replaced Paranoia's sloppy envpos_* maths with my
own, now objects in the sky should function fine
even if they are moving entities. Also fixed a 
mistake in the AddToFullPack function in client.cpp
that didn't let sky entities pass on to the client
side sometimes because VIS culled them out.

Added .dds support. Download ATI's The Compressonator 
to compress tga files to .dds files. Now, if
the texture loader loads something, it'll first see if 
it can find a .dds file. If it can't, it loads a .tga 
file.
The DDS format allows you to save a tremendous am-
ount of drive space and memory through proper use,
so I advise you to use it. Be sure to compress pi-
ctures that use an alpha channel with the DXT1 fo-
rmat, while anything with an alpha channel must be
compressed with DXT5.

Fixed the exporting function te_exportdetail. There 
was a mistake in the previous code. Also now you 
won't need to make sure you have your textures
loaded by the HL engine. The code is capable of 
loading the textures out of WAD files. Also now is
some more information saved, so fallback lights 
will light them up properly now too.

v2.1:
I don't know how, but the code disabled fonts ins-
ide the Steam menu. I didn't test this on Steam HL
before releasing it because I can't debug that at
all. Now it's fixed. The fix is in tri.cpp, 
HUD_DrawTransparentTriangles under "2012-02-23".

v2.2:
The WAD loader section was extended to load files
from the BSP too, and it got optimized for better
performance. A possible crash source was elimina-
ted from the .edd file code.

Some functions were moved from the model renderer
class to the texture loader for better organizat-
ion of code.

Now Trinity automatically reloads all WAD textures
itself, this achieves better texture quality as 
GoldSrc tends to botch it on it's textures.

Fuctions in tri.cpp's HUD_DrawNormalTriangles and
DrawTransparentTriangles are now coupled into fun-
ctions defined in rendererdefs.cpp and .h, same
with the calls that were in V_CalcRefDef in view.-
cpp. This wasdone to allow for better modification 
of later code. All these changes are under: 
"2012-02-25"

v2.3:
Changed some code that could've lead to crashes or
unstable functionality.

v2.4:
Fixed some player model problems people were having 
occasionally. Fixed a problem in the exportdetail code.
Inserted a warning to those who have Paranoia's 
shitty dll at use.

v2.5:
Fixed a random crash.

v2.6:
This is a major bugfix and optimization. A lot got
optimized in world rendering, it should be visibly
faster now.
Also solved a bug that occurred in Steam HL, where
you might've seen textures pop up in the center of
the screen while loading a map.
Added alternate texture use to env_spotlights, and
added the ability to disable shadow map generation
on these entities. Be sure to add borders to your
flashlight textures manually.
Added seperate fog settings for the skybox.

v2.7:
Fixed some bugs

v2.8:
Fixed some more bugs.

v2.9:
Fixed MORE bugs.

v3.0:
Fixed ANOTHER damn bug.
Also, flashlight use textures now automatically get
a border added. This however, will only work with
.tga files. Not .dds.

v3.01:
Robotnik.

v3.02:
Fixed a bug that occured if water shaders were used
in a map with skybox objects.

v3.03:
Fixed some lightmapping problems, added proper fullbrighting 
on non-lit maps. Fixed some lighting problems on models.

v3.04:
Fixed some problems with alternate spotlight textures.

v3.05:
Did some refurbishing on stuff.

v3.05f:
Fixed a major bug. No other bugs found.

v3.06f:
Fixed a game-breaking bug.

v3.07f:
fixed a crash related to texture loading.

v3.08f:
Spotlight problem solved, as well as a fuckton of other bugs. 
Thanks to Hunk for bugtesting.

v3.10f:
Fixes introduced:
 - Fix for animated textures on buttons not displaying
 properly unless a flashlight was shone upon them.
 - Removed numerous memory leaks in the engine.
 - Fixed an issue with textures being set to not repeat,
 causing world textures to not render properly.
 - Fixed func_water, so it now can move like it originally
 did in goldsrc.
 - Added in a safeguard so Steam's MSAA is disabled when
 the engine is started. This way, Trinity will be fully
 compatible with current Steampipe HL versions. This way
 you shouldn't need to set -nofbo in the command line.
 
v3.11f:
 - Fixed an issue with model rendering when pev->skin was
 less than zero.